Gwenevere Abriel: I can see your instrument back there.
Jen: It's so cool. I'm working on a movie with some friends that we've got a grant from the city for two grand
Make a movie.
Jen: And you can hear me okay right
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio, video is great. How about me.
Jen: Am I okay that you are yes you are beautiful. I just got these new areas which I'm very excited about. They're very fancy
Jen: But one of them. I feel like is
Jen: Not right.
Jen: Going in and out, but maybe I'll fix it.
Jen: Why can't live. Yay. There we go. Because you want all of you. You look lovely today. I love your hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: You I want Farrah Fawcett today I was working it
Jen: Good. Is it that is you
Jen: Should be your Halloween costume like every year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh dear. Well, if I didn't mind the eye rolling. Yes.
Jen: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: There, there are two problems with that costume, but
Jen: I won't go into detail. Yeah.
Jen: I, as a woman, I think I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm opening up a note here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they'll be a little off.
Jen: No worries.
Jen: Or something, it looks like better. I don't know how the outline of myself. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Yeah, they keep updating
Gwenevere Abriel: All feels like every week, a constant thing.
Jen: Now it's so funny that everyone knows
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just like a we want to zoom. I don't have to explain it. They already know. Like, yes.
Jen: Like, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had money to invest in that program.
Jen: When I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, Oh, snap. I ain't got no money as well. But I mean if I did, I'd be like, that'd be it.
Jen: No. Totally. Did you know how all of those senators and congress people are now under fire because they dumped a bunch of stock.
Jen: After they received information about the coronavirus
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't
Jen: I don't January.
Jen: I don't watch
Jen: I do. I can't watch but I read a lot
Jen: And
Jen: But one of them actually bought a bunch of stock in room doxsey me and something else. Back in January. It was a real shady
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So bring me into your world a little bit
Jen: Into my world.
Jen: Has been really hard because of my
Jen: And having flare up that I haven't had like last time I have them as bad as maybe like three or four years ago.
Jen: Where it lasted like three months and I ended up having to go to an acupuncturist and I chiropractor before it finally went away, but like yesterday I had to get out my question. I'm cool. They just could not walk. It was so painful.
Jen: And it fluctuates, the way that Saturday done
Jen: And then looking up a lot of different stretches to do. So I just begin to each morning doing these structures that definitely seem to help
Jen: And then I looked at this very particular way of walking where you
Jen: Excuse me, are very like careful about
Jen: The way you hold your body like tucking your tummy and and and like just very, very as straight from head to toe. And then the way you walk is very like small step.
Jen: And you sort of aim to hit between this part in the heel and then go forward as you take these small. Yeah, you look i mean i did not look cool while I do this, but at least I could walk without
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry, we've been doing that walking
Jen: I haven't, I haven't even I haven't been able to make it down past the driveway. I have gone to the end of the driveway.
Jen: But I can't. I haven't been able to walk away that I was. And so that's been really hard.
Jen: As I'm setting.
Jen: It just feels like a step back. I know that it is not
Jen: It just really painful and
So this
Gwenevere Abriel: Just makes me think I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just looking at what has changed, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, your seat.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're doing the tele health, the seat, how you were postured when you are sitting in therapy when you're talking with people, what you were doing when you were actually interacting with people face to face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you really analyzed it and looked and said I'm I want to rule this piece out
Jen: As far as the word sitting at home, contributing to the sciatica. Oh god, yes. Yeah.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the deal with. If you were here with someone. So when you were seated when you were talking with people where your hands like on your legs because these were young. These are teenagers. I mean we leaning into a holiday.
Jen: Well, it depends. Because it's a whole array. Like I said, I see about exceed 70% adult and then 30% fee and and so I had a very nice chair, though it was like a chair and a half. So often the way I would sit with would I would sit back, it's like, like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I could see that. Okay. And so you're supporting your back. By doing that, aren't you
Totally
Jen: Hungry, but it's fucking with sorry it's messy. It's like Thera band.
Jen: And that's the problem is good, like I was sitting with my feet out. That would be a much better position, but it's like since I was a kid I always thought like this.
Jen: And so it's kind of like almost like like comfy like comfort place.
Jen: And so, yeah, it's just been a change of trying to put forward.
Jen: Sit up
Jen: And then I also got OH this is FUN.
Jen: You got a new a new chair.
Who
Jen: And I really like this. You can't see me very well. Oh, there we go. Um, but it's nice because it can
Jen: Go up and down and it can tilt back a little.
Jen: Bit. It's really nice to be able to sit up straight.
Jen: And it also provides different
Jen: And I can sit here.
Jen: I can sit on my couch and then I can also
Jen: Go over here.
Jen: And I can stand
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm on a laptop is that
Jen: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's super convenient.
Jen: Oh, it's so great. And then I also have a yoga ball and, you know,
Jen: I'm so
Jen: And so I've been oh I love yoga mat.
Jen: So I have a few clients that I feel comfortable actually lay on my stomach.
Jen: While we do here. Be like that one before.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if we, what if we explore this further, just to see what happens. Might be might be something like if we
Gwenevere Abriel: Go, nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just attend
Gwenevere Abriel: Any kind of noticing things somatic
Gwenevere Abriel: emotion memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll do, I'll do the work. You don't have to do analysis, you can lean on me for that you give yourself a break. You do that for everybody, all day. This time, you just get to be the taker.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So find your breath. Find your grounding the techniques that you have tried and true and I'm doing mine. I'm settling in with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling that gravity pull
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull my shoulders down.
Gwenevere Abriel: pulling through my spine.
Gwenevere Abriel: My hips, my legs. I'm feeling it consistently. There's a steady gravitational pull, pulling through my heels pulling me to the center of the earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And fastness.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a part of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now rely on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I forget it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's always there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It has never failed me
Gwenevere Abriel: Today I want to invite an exploration of of posture shifting and and as you do the motions do them in slow motion as if it were
Gwenevere Abriel: On slow motion speed and see what happens when you go in to that crisscross applesauce elbows in front, hands on chain but go so excruciating Lee slow that now you get to a tune to what's going on and narrated if you catch anything
Gwenevere Abriel: You can pay attention is nice and nice and slow, just even thinking about getting into the position. I'm actually going to do it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Your neurons don't care.
Jen: In my hand.
Jen: Is a push back.
Jen: my hands and my forum.
Jen: As a push.
Jen: In place on like walking. Boom. It's locked in.
Jen: To be vision.
Jen: Then
Jen: Funny, my, my legs like you would think that one wanted to go before the other. But it's one self.
Jen: Service just
Jen: Like that. Yeah. And I have to do it fast.
Jen: To doing it slow a card.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Jen: It's usually. It's usually a, like a momentum thing where, like, throw them up.
Jen: So yeah, she doing it slowly was difficult because I really use my muscles to pull them into place.
Jen: But it's like one stage, they're
Jen: Just feel so safe. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's feeling safe, even though we don't you haven't moved into the other posturing. I never go and over again at
Jen: The end. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did that. Okay, so now what are you noticing also that I coming into this
Jen: And noticing a tightness in my, in my size.
Jen: rushing into my knees.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. Let's see what those what what's going on with those knees and thighs. Let's give some language. Let's go into
Jen: Height
And
Jen: It's like
Jen: Okay, stretchy pain and then sort of like a
Jen: Direct a thing.
Jen: The knees feel
Jen: Like they're hanging on by a whim.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I, I like the the whole metaphor of that what what what might decide to be doing these are hanging on by
Jen: My thread or via via limb.
Jen: Hi, you're burning
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: And I can actually feel the sciatic that's a pain but like the goes to the pain I'm
Jen: On both sides.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Do you want to just fire burning five want to stay there. Does it want to explore another position that
Jen: Does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Move out of it. Let's make sure that the knees are curious about another position. Let's see if we can move out of it and pay attention, slow way down, pay attention to what the thighs and the knees do in messaging relief and change.
Jen: Interestingly enough, it's just starting by moving my right foot. I don't know if you can see that
Jen: But kind of like wiggling is out.
Jen: I can feel pain in my ankle, but it's like it's releasing from my knee and my thigh.
Jen: As I send it out in front of me. So I'm going to do the same with the left
Jen: Not quite as intense. I think maybe because it was on top, but definitely feel relief.
Jen: Relief and knees and size major release and these guys just stretching them out, like right in front of me, even with like pointed toes. Rolling, rolling my feet feel something, a good step to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Any ghost pain.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, tune in.
Jen: Definitely, I can feel that sciatic
Jen: Pain from hip all the ways to
Jen: Heal on the right side.
Jen: Whereas, they don't have the left side. So now I want to let them run down
Jen: To Vegas guys have a good stretch and they're ready to relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the first service no goes pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now there is
Jen: Very good. And both of my ankle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ankle
Jen: And those pain on my right side of that psychiatric nurse, but it doesn't hurt. It's just, it goes
Gwenevere Abriel: What does the ghost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to say about being called a ghost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay. See, see if it's trying to send you a message.
Jen: Oh, it's like, Man, I don't care. I'm still here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still here, honey.
Jen: Always like in a patronizing Southern kind of play.
Gwenevere Abriel: A training. Okay.
Jen: Any
Gwenevere Abriel: patronizing.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your response to that patronizing sarcasm a bit
Jen: Just last year, like I can know
Jen: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you ask it why it's still there.
Jen: Why are you still there.
Jen: It's reminding me
Jen: It's reminding
Gwenevere Abriel: You to
Gwenevere Abriel: Move.
Jen: Letting me to move. Why are you making it so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, my makeup.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it respond to that heartfelt question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: What emotion, do you get when you saw that
Jen: Frustration sadness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picked up on the sadness, your face. Sad, sad.
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with let's sit with sad for just a little bit, we'll get through frustration. Cuz, cuz that's got some juice in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a tissue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tissue. Is it not this time. No, we're going to use fabric. This time for
Jen: Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice relief to giggle. That's a whole
Jen: Nice very
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice chuckle. Just to let that
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: I think
Jen: It's been such a hard couple of weeks because it's hard to do therapy when you're in pain.
Jen: And I've managed to, I don't know if you've ever used these a cap session so long balls but they use the actual lake of the, the very hot chilies.
Jen: Which is capsaicin and so it is the most intense heat
Jen: I have
Ever
Jen: Lived and it actually after about two hours. I have to take it off like it just so intense. I can't take it.
Jen: But at first, it feels amazing. And it actually feels really cool and good when it gets so bad that I have to take it off because it's like this relief.
Jen: And I do this wonderful ice pack for 30 minutes and then I kind of go back and forth between the ice and the heat. Sorry, I went off on a tangent
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, um, well, well let's let's just kind of talk outside
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like to not not be in that conversation with a ghost anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Jen: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Why wouldn't you want pissed off and frustrated. Well,
Jen: Um, yeah.
Jen: Because we can't control the ghost and that's what's frustrating. It's like the ghost doesn't care.
Jen: The ghost is just like I'm fucking here snake.
Jen: I don't
Jen: I have my own agenda and I don't really care about yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: We did some gossiping. Are you open to going back and having direct
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're self centered
Gwenevere Abriel: And really grounded in and you check in, not because I'm pressing it out with my agenda you you find out if you are actually curious if you're a first assumption about that drug that's a cavalier dismissive gesture.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even a little to learn more about what's behind that shrug.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you could share with it, how you feel when you see the shrug. When you're ready,
Jen: You're supposed to be mind, body, and we supposed to be on the same five. I mean, doesn't suck for you to sorry that wasn't very kind, I
Jen: I guess I just thought like your drugs out so dismissive like you didn't care like you care and
Jen: And I'm trying to have a conversation with you because you're making my life really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you got the juice of the anger in there right that's what energizes that so you know okay so you throw in a little
Gwenevere Abriel: A little buffer of an A. But let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. You're supposed to. You're supposed to be on my side. It's our body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you don't care.
Right.
Jen: Just said something back
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Jen: People. You don't care either
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel when you hear that
Jen: Well, I know that I just went to my like places like them for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was beat up, didn't it
Gwenevere Abriel: You did a protection self sooth
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Jen: Feel guilty.
Jen: It's my fault.
Jen: Not walking as much as I should, being sedentary being trapped in the house thing.
Jen: Not eating well, all these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold that stay there. Stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Run away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Calling that that is not the same as shame and you can name behaviors.
Gwenevere Abriel: They are just in action or action. They are not you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just stay there. Hold onto yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now that you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: When she imagine looking into this go size in some way sort of meeting it toe to toe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honest direct encounter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And say in your own wager. How can I earned your respect again.
Jen: How can I
Jen: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you need me to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was so tender. That sounded really honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel like it.
Jen: Like my
Jen: Vision great hair.
Jen: She has like my hair on the best day
Gwenevere Abriel: Ghost. And is she eating at you.
Jen: She is she's smiling. She's very good at and she's eating yogurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does she respond to with that. What do you want me to do.
Jen: When you were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're doing
Jen: She said what you were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it said that Southern patronizing or no no I didn't hear it. Yeah.
Jen: Very kind very authentic.
Jen: For you it's sort of created a picture, you know, as far as just
Jen: Walking or doing my dancing twice a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dancing
Jen: Eating bother preparing my nose.
Jen: I'm
Jen: Focusing more on my water intake does all of those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about the self soothing of rubbing the size
Jen: So you mentioned
Gwenevere Abriel: You were
Gwenevere Abriel: How are they doing
Jen: They feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nice.
Jen: Fragile, as always, but
Jen: They feel really nice when you play circle rub.
Jen: They bring heat to them and warm them up in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the emotion, you're feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Content.
Gwenevere Abriel: The absence of some other thing is the spaces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, tell me, because there was a little question mark like strengthen myself.
Jen: Yeah, cuz I'm not sure just totally like what I'm feeling or where I'm going. But it's sort of like
Jen: I'm like,
Jen: Looking at it and facing it in a way that I hadn't yet.
Jen: It makes me feel
Jen: It makes it easier for me to choose to feel drawn
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounded just a bit like a like a psycho babble.
Jen: You're right. You're totally right. Is it just checking in on it only because it was so beautifully put
Gwenevere Abriel: Because all
Gwenevere Abriel: Right I choose my own feelings. I just want to make sure you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Missing be a mess for a little longer.
Jen: Well, I think that because I am
Jen: Going to say goodbye I have that battle with me. I am so careful about choosing my words when it comes to things like
Yeah.
Jen: I can be more sloppy because they can them.
Jen: Yeah, it's nice to talk to my ghost pain.
Jen: Because a big I really realized that it was there and be
Jen: Big for
Jen: I wanted to talk to it. I don't think I felt like it would be helpful. I thought I was mad at it.
Jen: So I was like, fuck you. I'm going to ignore you. And just teaching my two cents. When I do people I don't like
Jen: I don't know by humbling that part of myself. I feel like it really felt one um
Jen: Whether I cared or not. And I feel like it felt
Jen: And heard
Gwenevere Abriel: You humbled yourself to it and
Jen: I'm sorry I
Jen: humbled myself to it. And then I felt like it will itself to me.
Jen: Which is kind of like one of those perfect things either you hope for, like, when you give a friend or family member that you had bad energy or dungeon with and you just want to go to be like
Jen: Oh, he's fucked up. And I'm really sorry.
Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, when they come, honest, they come real and we don't have to have our defenses up anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you and I protect you and
Everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay
Jen: If it's good to be true to yourself.
Jen: And that's probably maybe the problem is that I keep saying it's just it's just all about the ISIS. Watch this really, really good show on HBO where the lead or no on something else called the center, but the lead.
Jen: He had this terrible Saturday for all the third season and he could barely walk
Jen: And he was
Jen: able bodied man.
Jen: Oh,
Jen: No, no, I guess I find comfort in that. So now that it's not just because I have been
Hey,
Jen: Guys again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do what you were doing, sweetie. You just do what you were doing. That's all. It's just to do
Gwenevere Abriel: You're so loved
Gwenevere Abriel: What is this reminding you of this relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: Talk to you about
Gwenevere Abriel: So much we need to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: Good. Believe me, I would say that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I mean here we are in this program, we don't really like it's all about that. Like understanding it. We don't turn away. We want to win. How much, how long you know
Jen: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you were going to somehow you had fucked up.
Jen: Repeating theme.
Jen: In my life.
Jen: Have you ever been consistent. Oh.
Jen: I don't want to say that
Jen: Because they know that it's
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you go with the next thing I'm going to say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't need to be right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to know where you go with it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have that
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go with whatever comes up and I say this
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if that pain that ghost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keeps your mother dynamic alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: To keep fighting out over and over and over and over. Keeps it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever, but there it is, at least it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Something
Gwenevere Abriel: That relationship is
Gwenevere Abriel: Really important.
Oh,
Jen: I think, at the age that she was
Jen: With me really started realizing
Jen: Just get all
Jen: She could be and how she basically ran the house through
Jen: Editor for it.
Jen: She constantly needed everyone to do everything for her all the time, and it's like now like like I told you. It's so hard for me to walk and
Jen: I probably would have been says he has a baby, please let me get up to you, baby. Please let me do that for you. Like all the point of Acre like thank
Jen: God doing that, like, sit through your, your hobbling like you can't make your own crutches, you're carrying things in your bag like as a crutch back from the pitches like let me dancing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: And it's so hard for me to do that. I just I'd like, No, I want to do it myself. And I get to myself. I don't want to be questioned about what I'm getting I just couldn't get it like
Jen: And I feel like that is at one like two parts of her like the one part
Jen: Is the part that I hated because it caused so much difficulty for everyone else below everything that she needed the other people had to acquiesce to get for her because she was just always be together. The other buyer.
Jen: Where I don't want to lose it. She
Jen: Used to convey, and she she does.
Jen: Like
Jen: Let me get this for you. That was it. That part of the line to do it on my own has to do with food has to do with what I'm getting is that I don't want her to have a be like well you go get me a Coke Ritz crackers cream cheese and a Debbie snack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Jen: They that out. Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will happen last for it.
Jen: And then he'll know that I ever getting it nothing. He doesn't know or they sit there and eat is in front of him. But if I say it out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see. Oh, what's the emotion, if he knows
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Jen: That's the truth. I wasn't like he doesn't know.
Jen: What they eat it. It's not what it is. But if I say it out loud have him go get it for me then.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not him, it's an old what
Jen: What you were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would she do, if you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want I want a snack.
Gwenevere Abriel: Snack Snack
Jen: Go get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you need help.
Jen: Yeah, I can remember I had my mother ever leave me and I mean obviously she had to. There is a terrible place. You know, when I was unable to do fall
Jen: But I remember because soul independent with food for a very, very young age at work I do work once I knew how to get it under that have their prepare it. I made Natalie cookies, the age of eight.
Jen: By myself out of the Joy of Cooking like because we had no nothing. Sweet. Now, I wanted to be. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's so let's just go psychoanalytic. Let's just pull back and both Let's both be therapist for a second. Let's just look at just just how a developmental brain works that we, of course, when we're little were eight or nine or 10 we have an impulse
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to want sugar, salt rent want the yummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't know to balance it out. We actually do need the executive functioning external executive functioning of a parent to say we got to throw in healthy. We've got to have this, this, and this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that fair
Jen: It was good. It was it was presented as like
Jen: Like there is everything's fresh
Jen: Growing up, like we had
Jen: I'm sorry, my dad, he's like,
Jen: Oh,
Jen: My first introduction to vegetables with tiered approach.
Jen: And vegetables were never part of, like,
Jen: It was very much like
Jen: Like, you know, like those big Castile, you would get prepared it at the time, Sam's Club.
Jen: And we did chicken pot pie, a lot like that.
Jen: But it was like, I remember I do remember
Jen: sitting at the table until a very, very late hour, refusing to eat my vegetables.
Jen: Remember what they were.
Jen: And
Jen: The goal is this be methods, she would get a frozen being mentally that had lived with the internet that I cheated.
Jen: I want to say it was that, but I'm not sure. But I remember I sat there because I was not going to eat them, but it was a situation where it was like they were going to lay down the law that was kind of been growing up is that I was relatively strong willed child.
Jen: Rarely did what she
Jen: Does. And when I say that I need, like, you know, I wanted to have fun. I didn't want to do tourism stuff.
Jen: Why was it
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a veggie medley with the Lima beans.
Jen: And feel my parents would that be get away with a lot and then randomly. They'd be like, will be to mediate with her. We've got to lay down the law. This is one of those times.
Jen: That they were like, you're sitting here and you're eating your vegetables and I was like okay
Jen: And is there until everyone was in bed. And finally, my dad came out was just, like, go to bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it was all wait it out. This is so intermittent. This is so random. All you have to cover and you one.
Yep.
Jen: No wonder why
Jen: It was rare that I don't
Jen: Really know
Gwenevere Abriel: But it isn't, it isn't a game that that actually isn't the game.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Jen: It's a different, as I said,
Jen: That. Yeah, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it it is, it's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Parent
Gwenevere Abriel: Wins right by sort of losing they win by being disliked
Gwenevere Abriel: And when I not being friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: They win the heavy they win by being consistent and a pain in the kids ass all the time. Every time predictively a pain in the ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't for you to know that you you did your part. You were strong willed what was needed was parents to say, Let's channel that
Animal down like
Jen: Don't have kids.
Jen: And nearly 10 years later beef or
Jen: Oh, I got this amazing cookbook.
Jen: And it's all about how to sneak vegetables into kids food.
Jen: And like you make like homemade ketchup and like you make like you put it in broad and and so I got really into it.
Jen: And it was really empowering. Oh, just because like I was working with kids.
Jen: As young as eight months, like my my my last sanity job with which I'm still in touch with them on. I took them from a year and a half, and four to
Jen: Six to happen 11
Jen: Like
Jen: It was really empowering to watch how would kids have consistent access to fresh foods and that is consistently offered at is like really young age like kids love it. Like my pastor lunches.
Jen: I would have, like, whoa, like minty fresh peppers and like many roma tomato and like no ranch dressing.
Jen: And I remember they would go to school and they'd be like that, my friends, they have made stressing in your lunch box. It's so gross.
Jen: It was amazing. I was just like, good. If I have kids like I need reasonably say like I was making food and everyone I think before you know they actually become a mother, thanks to target.
Jen: And I'm sure there are books out there that are like that mind like I didn't know
Jen: I didn't have cloth diapers. I eat all of the whole thing.
Jen: So my best friend. She was the same though. And after I think it was a moment she was like
Jen: He has a bow and she was gonna have so many kids and after one. She was like,
Jen: I'm done.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I have three Bonus boys and I have one that I gave birth to
Jen: Nice. Nice. Yeah. It sounded like you had a big family.
Jen: And you're talking about preparing food.
Jen: And that's the thing you think about things.
Jen: You don't
Jen: Want in many ways that I get to have connections with children's go and like when I you know like I see ladies fairly often. She's my best friend's daughter, but I call her baby. Oh, um,
Jen: And
Jen: She always just be like she'd ever had to have the conversation of, like, Please don't do this, don't do this, don't do this because she knows that I'm going to keep that in the forefront of our relationship. Our
Jen: That sounds really good to know why through that is
Jen: I think because we're talking about kids in relationship to food. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm noticing. Just a little elevation
Gwenevere Abriel: Some excitement or nervous. What am I picking up on do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Or am I picking up on
Jen: I think excitement. Okay. Got that did not nervous like. It definitely feels
Jen: Like I really needed to cry. Is that I need to like let that go a little bit and I needed to
Jen: Say completed be upset.
Jen: And then talk to those can also be good. We can actually my mom.
Jen: She's been my my much lately.
Jen: I think maybe because of all of this stupid shit going on. Honestly, feeling relieved
Jen: That I didn't ask to go get her diet coke every three days because she can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what what do you wish she was here doing
There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice with all of this just
Jen: My dad.
Jen: My dad, good. She's so cute.
Jen: The grocery stores here.
Jen: Oh, seven to 8am. It's a repeating your
Jen: Day tell you this.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I know that I think you did tell me. And so she's going and Dr. Rail does the same thing. So it's just the picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: In these scores when they say, oh, like, oh, I was hurting around going as fast as I could. So I was still picturing
Jen: Cuz she's like
Jen: She's like, really early everything and I get it, I get first pick what do you want. Okay, let me get you some ground beef WILL BE GETTING DIRTY. WHAT DO YOU DO
Gwenevere Abriel: Out there hustling.
Jen: I should be giving you food like
Jen: We
Jen: Are empty in her 60s, they can you know asked us if we need that easy. It's just
Jen: Really like feels good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Family isn't always the ones that were born to, you know,
Jen: Like
Jen: A huge extended family, either by me husband faintly his dad has been really sweet. And just like reached out sided email to be HE SAY THAT POP he doubled up before we go. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take that. Don't waste it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be taken care of. And it's not just a metaphor. It's like, it feels a lot of pieces. And so maybe the invitation is giving yourself that permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: From your husband to ask for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And take it in as the healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasted take it in like this man fucking loves me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, old time
Gwenevere Abriel: He's going to get me the cream cheese. The exact little piece of whatever yummy carbon other little knickknacks salting things and he's going to get it. And I'm going to take it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take it in as the loving gesture, because we want to know what the recipe is for how to love. We want it if he knows that he's going to give it to you. It's gonna love here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let him love you.
Jen: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit in the quiet about we've got a few minutes. Let's just sit with that. Oh, that work you did that contact
Gwenevere Abriel: Moving away from it, you were able to come out and have some giggles and chit chat.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little
About it.
Jen: Like how you put that about gossipy
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you need from these last few minutes. What do you need from it. You want from it, or would you like to do
Jen: I'm
Jen: Excited.
Jen: Oh, I think I said at the beginning.
Jen: My friends that I got a grant from the city to make a movie.
Jen: And all
Jen: So we're making a movie about a therapist.
Jen: Great idea, Brady.
Jen: Lot because of the bad debt. I just had to switch to all Tele health
Jen: And so I she also engages in a group therapy for herself. Which is funny because it's all of these actors.
Jen: A zoom call
Jen: And then she also featuring therapist, played by the directors mother.
Jen: So it's almost like a little like because they wanted to make it as true doesn't
Jen: And so, but it without obviously like violating any of my clients information all fake
Jen: And that really doesn't have anything to do with it. It's mainly the in between the sessions. I'm working on a song that I can't finish and a toad appears at my back door that haunts me and will go away, but eventually helps me finish the song.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've written. It's the play of the movies written all the way through the screenplays
Jen: It's an outline. And so we're improving
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Wow. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: keep hearing about it so
Jen: Excited. It's funny because I just did all taping myself. At this point, I know I've never done that before. And it's actually really fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another appointment or you are you enjoying kind of the pattern, we've got going here. I think we're at
Jen: One.
Gwenevere Abriel: To two weeks, I think you want to keep
Jen: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so we're at 23 it won't be the 30th, it would be may 7
Jen: Seventh and
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine.
Is that
That is
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well,
You're very
Gwenevere Abriel: You work hard in here.
Jen: You don't need too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sherry. Welcome to this and whatever I got
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I can I make a little note of when I'll see you in group, just in case anyone
Jen: Wants to have a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really. Okay, so I'm gonna write that down. Let's see, on 27 I'm gonna write that down to yeah I Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, I will see you then. I'll see you soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right back
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's just to keep the zoom room separate